Now let's do kind of a recap or
things that you probably already know
to actually build our mood picker.
So if you prefer, you can pause at
the beginning of each section and
try to build this yourself
without looking at the solution.
I'm going to just call it home.
So what we need first is a list
of emojis for you to choose from.
So to recap the the two things we're going
to be using here mostly are view and
text, so view is the container for
to be used and styling similar to dev
on the web development and
text is used to display text.
So, let's use this mood
option array to display
a list of moods in a horizontal
list on the homepage.
So in our project next to this means
directory let's create a another directory
and let's call it component.
This component should live.
And in the component strategy, let's get
a new file and lets call it mood picker.
And in here,
I'm going to copy my mood options for
free to change them to fit your needs.
But here are my defaults.
Let's import react from react.
And let's do export const mood picker and
react FC And
let's return should go return a view for
now.
Let's import view from React Native and
in our screens in our home
screen let's import mood picker.
From components mood picker,
and just render it
Now in the mood picker and let's make
open up this div and
that's to move options.
Dont map option and let's render this
inside a text so the option.emoji.
All right, so
firstly we need to add this a key.
So let's add a key to be option.
Emoji.
Now we want this to be a horizontal list,
so we'll need style sheet for this.
So looking for style sheets and
at the bottom locate styles will be style,
stylesheets.create, and
we'll do mood options.
And that's to flex direction row
to make them go horizontal and
justify content space between for
them to spaced evenly so
for the option container
that's to style equals
styles.route options All right, lastly we
kind of want this to be at the center.
So let's go to our home screen and
create another style sheet.
So the const, Const styles equals,
StyleSheet.create.
And container.
And let's do a flex one.
And yep, and
then we'll need a justify content center
To make the emoji in the middle.
Actually, I think I added
the padding in here.
Adding const onto a steep ten as the 20.
All right so now we have a list of
emojis and let's quickly have a look at
Android and you can see the android
emojis are showing up as well,
but they are different from IOS emoji.
So one thing to note about emojis that
they will depend on the device especially
on Android, it will depend on the emoji
set that the person has installed.